# CS-320

When figuring out how to make sure that your program's are functional and secure, one of the best ways to do so is by creating and running tests for your program. By creating tests, not only are you making sure that your methods and logic within your code are working properly, but you are also making sure that any inputs or responses are following the correct formats that may be required. One example of tests that can be done on programs are unit tests. You can set up multiple of these tests to test for different aspects of your code to make sure everything is working as it should be.

For interpreting user needs into a program, I believe that the best way is through breaking down their needs into user stories or simple objectives. Sometimes what users may want from the code may be explained very broadly which may confuse developers on what exactly they expect of your program. By breaking the needs down into simple objectives that can be tested, such as turning them into user stories, this can mnake it easier for developers to know what is required for the program as well as speed up development time. Jumping off of that, creating easy to understand user needs and objectives will make it easier for software testers to create use cases and tests that will make sure the required functionality is present in the code.

When it comes to designing software, the first thing you need to do is gather your user needs and requirements. These will help build the basis and functionality of your software. After that has been gathered then you can move on to interpreting the user needs into measureable objectives and user stories with your team. As I stated above, this makes it so the user requirements are easier to understand and implement for the developers. Next the developers can work on implementing and developing the functionality for the software. The developers can then send a working build to the testers for them to make sure the functionality is working and present through different use cases and user stories created. After feedback is given to developers and they patch a majority of major bugs, if the software feels like it is in a good place for release then it can be published for users. This doesnt mean you never have to work on it again however as users may find more bugs that will need to be patched out over time.
